.\" Copyright 2007 Mark Ellis (mark_ellis@users.sourceforge.net)
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
.\" this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
.\" the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
.\" use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
.\" of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
.\" so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.TH SYNCE_GET_DIRECTORY 3  2007-08-26 "The SynCE Project" "http://www.synce.org/"
.SH NAME
synce_get_directory \- get synce configuration directory
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <synce.h>
.sp
.BI "bool synce_get_directory(char ** " path );
.sp
.BI "bool synce_get_subdirectory(const char * " name, " char ** " path );
.sp
.BI "bool synce_get_script_directory(char ** " path );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR synce_get_directory ()
function provides a string describing the location of the synce configuration directory. If the environment variable
.BR SYNCE_CONF_DIR
is set, it's value is returned. The default location is ~/.synce.
.sp
The
.BR synce_get_subdirectory ()
function provides a string describing the location of the subdirectory
.BR name
in the synce configuration directory.
.BR name
cannot contain '/'.
.sp
The
.BR synce_get_script_directory ()
function provides a string describing the location of the script subdirectory
in the synce configuration directory.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns true if successful. Fails and returns false if
.BR path
is an invalid pointer,
.BR SYNCE_CONF_DIR
is not set and user cannot be determined, or the directory does not exist.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR synce (1)
