<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.1.2-Based Variant V1.0//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY kappname "&rapip;">
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->   
]>
<!-- Important note: please use template.docbook instead of this file.
     This is only the conversion of app.sgml into DocBook SGML.  
     template.docbook gives you more information on what you can and
     should do.  Thanks. --> 

<book lang="&language;">

  <bookinfo>
    <title>The SynCE-KDE Handbook</title>
    <authorgroup>
      <author>
	<firstname>Volker</firstname>
	<surname>Christian</surname>
	<affiliation><address><email>voc&#64;users&#46;sourceforge&#46;net</email></address></affiliation>
      </author>
    </authorgroup>
    <date>date</date>
    <releaseinfo>0&#46;1</releaseinfo>
    <abstract>
    <para>SynCE-KDE (f/k/a Rapip / Raki) is a PC / Windows CE connection service application like
    ActiveSync [msdn.microsoft.com]. It consists of three subprojects: a full-featured KIOSlave for browsing
    the PDA (RAPIP), a panel applet for accessing the PDA (RAKI), and a daemon which listens for PDA
    connections (VDCCM).</para>
    </abstract>
    <keywordset>
      <keyword>KDE</keyword>
      <keyword>rapip</keyword>
    </keywordset>
  </bookinfo>

  <chapter id="introduction">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <para>One effort in integrating SynCE into KDE is the <ulink url="http://synce.sourceforge.net/synce/kde/">
    SynCE-KDE</ulink> project - formerly Rapip/Raki. SynCE-KDE
    essentially consists of the three subproject RAPIP, RAKI, and VDCCM. In general, they all support
    the same devices which are supported by the underlying SynCE libraries.</para>

    <para><emphasis>RAPIP</emphasis> is the short form for "RAPI-Protocol". It is a full featured KDE
        io-slave used to browse through the PDA file system and to copy files to and from the PDA by drag
        and drop via Konqueror.</para>

    <para><emphasis>RAKI</emphasis> is a synonym for "Remote-Access-Kicker-applet". As the name suggests
        it has first been an applet for kicker, the KDE panel but as time goes by the application-type
        changed. Today RAKI is an application docking into the KDE system-tray. It is responsible for all
        additional tasks which are desired for interacting with the PDA via the desktop.</para>

    <para><emphasis>VDCCM</emphasis> is a generalization of the native SynCE-DCCM but is fully compatible
        with it. In addition to all DCCM features it is capable of supporting more than one PDA connected
        at the same time. It is responsible for reporting all connects and disconnects of PDAs to interested
        clients via an unix-socket by use of a simple protocol. E.g. RAKI is one of such an interested
        client.</para>

    <para>The low-level connection to the PDA is handled by the
    <ulink url="http://synce.sourceforge.net/synce/">SynCE-Library</ulink> suit.</para>
    <sect1 id="features">
      <title>Features</title>
    <sect2 id="RAPIP">
        <title>RAPIP</title>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>copies files and directories via drag and drop to and from the
                PDA.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>is capable of handling mime-types.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>supports more than one connected device simultaneously.</para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
    </sect2>

    <sect2 id="RAKI">
        <title>RAKI</title>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>also supports more than one connected PDA at once.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>knows how to handle PDA partnerships.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>uses a plugin-architecture for synchronization. Two synchronizer-plugins are
                already implemented:</para></listitem>
            <listitem>
            <itemizedlist>
                <listitem><para>Synchronizer for PDA-Contacts and standard KDE address book
                    synchronization.</para></listitem>
                <listitem><para>AvantGo synchronizer.</para></listitem>
            </itemizedlist>
            </listitem>
            <listitem><para>creates a NAT-Route for your PDAs to the outer internet.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>supports configuration of passwords, NAT routes, and synchronization settings
                per device.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>installs cab-files on the device - you just have to drag them over the
                system-tray or right-click on a cab file in Konqueror.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>lets you manage the software installed on the PDA.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>displays system information and power status about the PDA.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>starts programs on the PDA.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>answers password-requests of PDAs automatically.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>notifies about connections, password requests and disconnections of PDAs
                with sound.</para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
    </sect2>

    <sect2 id="VDCCM">
        <title>VDCCM</title>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>is responsible that RAPIP and RAKI can communicate with more than one PDA
                simultaneously.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>creates an individual "active_connection" file for every connected
                PDA.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>the names of individual "active_connection" files are either the PDA
                identifiers or the ip-addresses assigned to the PDAs.</para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
    </sect2>

    </sect1>
  </chapter>

  <chapter id="installation">
    <title>Installation</title>

    <sect1 id="how-to-obtain-rapip">
      <title>How to obtain SynCE-KDE</title>
      <para>You can download precompiled tar.gz, rpm, and deb packages from the SourceForge
        Project Page.</para>
      <sect2 id="debian">
        <title>Debian User</title>
        <para>Just now, the SynCE-KDE <computeroutput>deb</computeroutput> packages are
            designed for debian unstable (sid). I will try to provide packages for stable
            and testing as soon as possible. Until than you have to compile SynCE-KDE
            yourself from source if you are a debian-stable or debian-testing user.</para>
        <para>The packages are prepared to honor all dependencies including those coming
            from the SynCE libraries. Most of the SynCE libraries are already part of
            debian-unstable. So these packages are installed automatically if you try to
            install SynCE-KDE. Unfortunately, just now there is no official debian packages
            of synce-rra-0.8 available. To still be able to install SynCE-KDE please compile
            and install synce-rra-0.8 before using SynCE-KDE.</para>
        <para>Packages could be downloaded from the SourceForge Project Page or installed
        directly over the network from our debian repository at SourceForge.</para>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Add the following two lines to your <computeroutput>/etc/apt/sources.list</computeroutput>:
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput>deb http://synce.sourceforge.net/debian/ unstable/$(ARCH)/</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                    <member>
<computeroutput>deb-src http://synce.sourceforge.net/debian/ unstable/source/</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Update your package lists:
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># apt-get update</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Install SynCE-KDE:
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># apt-get install synce-kde</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Install the development packages. This is only needed it you intend to develop synchronizer for RAKI:
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># apt-get install synce-kde-dev</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
        <para>The source of SynCE-KDE is also available from the repository.</para>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Install the development packages. This is only needed it you intend to develop synchronizer for RAKI:
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># apt-get install synce-kde-dev</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
      </sect2>
      <sect2 id="redhat">
        <title>RedHat User</title>
        <para>The <computeroutput>rpm</computeroutput> packages are designed for RedHat 9.</para>
      </sect2>

      <sect2 id="slackware">
        <title>Slackware User</title>
        <para>The precompiled package synce-kde-0.6.1.tgz has been compiled on Slackware 9.</para>
      </sect2>

      <sect2 id="cvs">
        <title>CVS User</title>
        <para>If you are interested in testing bleeding edge software you could also check out
        the latest code directly from CVS by issuing the command</para>
        <simplelist>
            <member>
<computeroutput># cvs -z3 -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/synce co
        synce-kde</computeroutput>
            </member>
        </simplelist>
        <para>
after logging in. Look at Compiling and Installing for a guide how to compile and install
        SynCE-KDE by yourself.
        </para>
      </sect2>
    </sect1>

    <sect1 id="requirements">
      <title>Requirements</title>
      <para>SynCE-KDE 0.6 requires</para>
      <itemizedlist>
        <listitem><para>KDE 3.1 or later,</para></listitem>
        <listitem><para>Qt 3.1 or later, and of course</para></listitem>
        <listitem><para>the SynCE libraries version 0.8.</para></listitem>
      </itemizedlist>
    </sect1>

    <sect1 id="compilation-and-installation">
      <title>Compilation and Installation</title>
      <para>To compile and install SynCE-KDE you have to prepare your environment like
      described below:
      </para>
      <sect2 id="prerequisits">
        <title>Requisites</title>
        <para>Folowing tasks have to be worked out before installing SynCE-KDE</para>
        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Install the base SynCE libraries as described here.
            </para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>
Make the SynCE libraries work by getting connected for the first time.
            </para></listitem>
            <listitem><para>
If you want the AvantGo synchronizer plugin to be compiled, you
                    also have to download and compile agsync-0.2-pre.tgz from  AvantGo
                    Synchronization with Pocket PC provided by Michael Jarrett. Note,
                    compilation of agsync-0.2-pre is enough - installation is not
                    required but of course allowed ;-)
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>
      </sect2>
      <sect2 id="compiling">
        <title>Compilation and Installation</title>
        <para>Download SynCE-KDE (synce-kde-0.6.tar.gz) from the SourceForge Project
            Page or check out the latest code from the CVS repository.</para>

        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
If you have downloaded from the SourceForge Project Page:
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput>leave out the next step.</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>

        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
After checking out SynCE-KDE from CVS do a
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># make -f Makefile.cvs</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
and leave out the next step.
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>

        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Unpack the downloaded synce-kde-0.6.tar.gz into your favorite source directory
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># tar -xzf synce-kde-0.6.1.tar.gz</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
and leave out the next step.
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>

        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Configure your SynCE-KDE source tree by issuing the command
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># ./configure</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
If you want the AvantGo synchronization plugin also to be compiled, issue
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># ./configure --with-agsync=/path/to/agsync/source/dir/</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>

        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
After configuring SynCE-KDE compile and install it by simply doing a
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput># make</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
and as root
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput>deb-src http://synce.sourceforge.net/debian/ unstable/source/</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>

        <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para>
Add the following two lines to your <computeroutput>/etc/apt/sources.list</computeroutput>:
                <simplelist>
                    <member>
<computeroutput>deb http://synce.sourceforge.net/debian/ unstable/$(ARCH)/</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                    <member>
<computeroutput>deb-src http://synce.sourceforge.net/debian/ unstable/source/</computeroutput>
                    </member>
                </simplelist>
            </para></listitem>
        </itemizedlist>

      </sect2>
    </sect1>
  </chapter>

  <chapter id="using-rapip">
    <title>Using SynCE-KDE</title>
        <sect1 id="rapip-using">
            <title>RAPIP</title>
            <para>
Open Konqueror and type <computeroutput>rapip://name_of_an_active_connection_file/
</computeroutput> into the URL line of Konqueror. You should see the root-directory
of the PDA which corresponds to the specified active_connection file. Use Konqueror
as usual - e.g. drag and drop files to and from the PDA file system ...

If there is just one PDA connected, you can also use the short form rapip:/ to browse
this PDA.
            </para>
        </sect1>

        <sect1 id="raki-using">
            <title>RAKI</title>
            <para>
Launch the application from the "K-Menu->Utilities"-Menu or,  if you don't have a
"K-Menu->Utilities->Raki" entry, start RAKI from the command line by issuing "raki".
You will get a new icon located in the system-tray.

Right click on that icon shows a popup menu containing infrastructure related items.
If there are connected devices left click will open a popup menu containing individual
device menu items for every connected PDA.

Drag and drop of CAB-files onto the RAKI system-tray icon installs them on a device.
A dialog box lets you choose the destination PDA.

Choosing "Synchronize" from an individual device menu starts synchronizing that PDA
and your desktop.
            </para>
        </sect1>

        <sect1 id="vdccm-using">
            <title>VDCCM</title>
            <para>
RAKI can launch VDCCM at startup (see the "Configure" menu entry in the infrastructure
menu) - that's the common case.

Nevertheless, VDCCM supports a view command line arguments in addition to the usual
DCCM command line arguments. Issue vdccm -h for a list of them. You can start VDCCM
completely independent of RAKI by hand before or after RAKI has been started. Of
course, no (V)DCCM may be running at this time.
            </para>
        </sect1>

  </chapter>

<!--
  <chapter id="questionsanswersandtips">
    <title>Questions, Answers, and Tips</title>

    <qandaset id="faq">
      <title>Frequently asked questions</title>
      <qandaentry>
	<question>
	  <para>Question 1</para>
	</question>
	<answer>
	  <para>The answer</para>
	</answer>
      </qandaentry>
    </qandaset>

  </chapter>
-->

</book>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
End:
-->
