.\" Copyright 2007 Mark Ellis (mark_ellis@users.sourceforge.net)
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
.\" this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
.\" the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
.\" use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
.\" of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
.\" so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.TH DATE_FROM_TM 3  2007-08-26 "The SynCE Project" "http://www.synce.org/"
.SH NAME
date_from_tm \- convert between tm struct and Windows DATE value
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <synce.h>
.sp
.BI "bool date_from_tm(struct tm *" pTm, " DATE *" pDateOut );
.sp
.BI "bool date_to_tm(DATE " dateIn, " DWORD " dwFlags, " struct tm *" pTm );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR date_from_tm ()
function converts a
.BR tm
struct into the Windows
.BR DATE
field pointed to by
.BR pDateOut.
Only years after 1900 are converted. The fields tm.tm_wday, tm.tm_yday and tm.tm_isdst are not used.
.sp
.BR date_to_tm ()
does the reverse. It only fills the fields tm_sec, tm_min, tm_hour, tm_year, tm_day, tm_mon. Dates before January 1st 1900 are not supported.
.BR dwFlags
should be 0, DATE_TIMEVALUEONLY to omit the date information or DATE_DATEVALUEONLY to omit time information. Whereas the
.BR tm.tm_year
field usually holds the number of years since 1900, this function provides the complete year.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Both functions return FALSE on encountering an invalid value or year earlier than 1900, or TRUE if successful.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR synce (7)
