.\" Copyright 2007 Mark Ellis (mark_ellis@users.sourceforge.net)
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
.\" this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
.\" the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
.\" use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
.\" of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
.\" so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.TH SYNCE_GET_CONNECTION_FILENAME 3  2007-08-26 "The SynCE Project" "http://www.synce.org/"
.SH NAME
synce_get_connection_filename \- get synce connection filename
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <synce.h>
.sp
.BI "bool synce_get_connection_filename(char ** " filename );
.sp
.BI "bool synce_set_connection_filename(const char * " filename );
.sp
.BI "bool synce_set_default_connection_filename();"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
These functions are used with the legacy
.BR vdccm(1)
and
.BR dccm(1)
connection daemons only. They are of no use when using the current dbus dccm.
.sp
.BR synce_get_connection_filename ()
provides a string describing the location of the synce device connection file, written by (v)dccm. The default file is ~/.synce/active_connection.
.sp
.BR synce_set_connection_filename ()
sets an alternative connection file name to use.
.sp
.BR synce_set_default_connection_filename ()
resets the connection filename to its default value.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns true if successful.
.BR synce_get_connection_filename()
fails and returns false if
.BR filename
is an invalid pointer, or for any of the reasons
.BR  synce_get_directory()
would fail. 
.BR synce_set_connection_filename()
returns false if
.BR filename
contains '..' or is too long.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR synce (7)
.BR synce_get_directory (3)
