.\" Copyright 2007 Mark Ellis (mark_ellis@users.sourceforge.net)
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
.\" this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
.\" the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
.\" use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
.\" of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
.\" so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.TH TIME_FIELDS_FROM_FILETIME 3  2007-08-26 "The SynCE Project" "http://www.synce.org/"
.SH NAME
time_fields_from_filetime \- convert between FILETIME and TIME_FIELDS
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <synce.h>
.sp
.BI "void time_fields_from_filetime(const FILETIME *" filetime, " TIME_FIELDS *" timeFields );
.sp
.BI "bool time_fields_to_filetime(const TIME_FIELDS *" timeFields, " const FILETIME *" filetime );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR time_fields_from_filetime ()
function converts a FILETIME value into the existing broken down TIME_FIELDS struct pointed to by
.BR timeFields .
.BR time_fields_to_filetime ()
does the reverse.
.sp
.RS
.nf
typedef struct _TIME_FIELDS {
    CSHORT Year;          /* Specifies a value from 1601 on. */
    CSHORT Month;         /* Specifies a value from 1 to 12. */
    CSHORT Day;           /* Specifies a value from 1 to 31. */
    CSHORT Hour;          /* Specifies a value from 0 to 23. */
    CSHORT Minute;        /* Specifies a value from 0 to 59. */
    CSHORT Second;        /* Specifies a value from 0 to 59. */
    CSHORT Milliseconds;  /* Specifies a value from 0 to 999. */
    CSHORT Weekday;       /* Specifies a value from 0 to 6 (Sunday to Saturday). */
} TIME_FIELDS;
.fi
.RE
.PP
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
The
.BR time_fields_to_filetime ()
function returns FALSE on encountering an invalid value,
or TRUE if successful.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR synce (7)
