.\" $Id$
.TH "PCP" "1" "November 2002" "The SynCE project" "http://synce.sourceforge.net/"
.SH NAME
pcp \- copy files

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpcp\fR [\-d \fILEVEL\fR] [\-p \fIDEVNAME\fR] [\-h] [:]\fISOURCE\fR [[:]\fIDESTINATION\fR]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.PP
\fBpcp\fR copies a file on a device connected through SynCE or between a
device connected through SynCE and host PC.

.PP
Forward slashes ('/') in remote file names specified on the command line are
converted to backward slashes ('\\').

.PP
This tool must be run as the same user as the dccmd daemon.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\-r
Copy directories recursively.

.TP
\-d \fILEVEL\fR
Set debug log level:
.IP
0 - No logging (default)
.IP
1 - Errors only
.IP
2 - Errors and warnings
.IP
3 - Everything

.TP
\-p \fIDEVNAME\fR
Use the device with the given name, instead of the default.

.TP
\-h
Display help message.

.TP
[:]\fISOURCE\fR

Full path to the source filename. When the filename is prefixed with a colon
(':'), it will be treated as a remote filename, otherwise as a local filename.

.TP
[:]\fIDESTINATION\fR

Full path to the destination filename. When the filename is prefixed with a colon
(':'), it will be treated as a remote filename, otherwise as a local filename.

.IP
If this parameter is omitted and the source filename is local, the local file
will be copied to a file with the same name in the "My Documents" directory on
the device connected through SynCE.

.IP
If this parameter is omitted and the source filename is remote, the remote file
will be copied to a file with the same name in the current directory.

.SH EXAMPLES

.LP
Copy a file from host computer to remote device:
.IP
pcp download/game.cab ":/Temporary Files/game.cab"

.LP
Copy a file from remote device to host computer:
.IP
pcp ":/My Documents/snore.wav" /tmp/snore.wav

.LP
Copy a file from host computer to remote device into the "My Document" folder - you
can leave off the last parameter:
.IP
pcp "work/mytext.txt"

.LP
Copy a file from remote device to host computer into the current directory - you
can leave off the last parameter:
.IP
pcp ":/My Documents/snore.wav"

.LP
Copy a file from one location on the remote device to another:
.IP
pcp ":/My Documents/important.pwi" ":/My Documents/important.backup.pwi" 





.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was written by David Eriksson <twogood@users.sourceforge.net>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
synce(1) pcp(1) pls(1) prm(1) pmkdir(1) prmdir(1)
