.\" $Id $
.TH "SYNCE-REGISTRY" "1" "March 2006" "The SynCE project" "http://synce.sourceforge.net/"
.SH NAME
synce-registry \- read or modify the registry on a PDA

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsynce-registry\fR [-d \fILEVEL\fR] [-p \fIDEVNAME\fR] [-h]
   [-r] \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR \fIVALUE\fR
     -w [-t TYPE] \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR \fIVALUE\fR \fINEWVALUE\fR
     -l \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR
     -n \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fINEWKEY\fR
     -x \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR \fIVALUE\fR (\fBnot supported\fR)
     -X \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR (\fBnot supported\fR)

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.PP
\fBsynce-registry\fR manipulates the registry on a device connected
through SynCE.  It can read and write values, add new keys and values,
and list the values of a key.

.PP
Forward slashes ('/') in key names specified on the command line are
converted to backward slashes ('\\').

.PP
This tool must be run as the same user as the dccmd daemon.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
-d \fILEVEL\fR
Set debug log level:
.IP
0 - No logging (default)
.IP
1 - Errors only
.IP
2 - Errors and warnings
.IP
3 - Everything

.TP
-p \fIDEVNAME\fR
Use the device with the given name, instead of the default.

.TP
-h
Display help message.

.TP
[-r] \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR \fIVALUE\fR

Read a value.  This is the default.

.TP
-w [-t TYPE] \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR \fIVALUE\fR \fINEWVALUE\fR

Write a value.  If \fITYPE\fR is supplied, that type of value will be
written; otherwise a string.  The following options are valid for
\fITYPE\fR:

.IP
\fIsz\fR - String
.IP
\fIdword\fR - Double-word (4 bytes)
.IP
\fIdword_bige\fR - Double word (4 bytes), big-endian
.IP
\fIexpand_sz\fR - String with path expansion
.IP
\fImulti_sz\fR - Multiple strings (\fBnot supported\fR)
.IP
\fIbinary\fR - Binary data (\fBnot supported\fR)

.TP
-l \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR
List the names of values and subkeys in the given \fIKEY\fR.

.TP
-n \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR
Create a new key.

.TP
-x \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR \fIVALUE\fR
Delete the given \fIVALUE\fR from the given \fIKEY\fR.  (\fBnot implemented\fR)

.TP
-X \fIPARENTKEY\fR \fIKEY\fR
Delete the given \fIKEY\fR. (\fBnot implemented\fR)

.TP
\fIPARENTKEY\fR

The top-level key (sometimes called the \fIhive\fR).  The only valid
options are \fIHKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\fR (abbreviated \fIHKCR\fR),
\fIHKEY_CURRENT_USER\fR (\fIHKCU\fR), \fIHKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\fR
(\fIHKLM\fR), and \fIHKEY_USERS\fR (\fIHKU\fR).

.TP
\fIKEY\fR
The key to operate on.  A key can contain zero or more values and subkeys.

.TP
\fIVALUE\fR
The value to operate on.

.TP
\fINEWVALUE\fR
The new value to set \fIVALUE\fR to in a write operation.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
David Eriksson <twogood@users.sourceforge.net>, Scott Gifford <gifford@umich.edu>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
synce(1) pstatus(1)
